Hey, guys, what's up?
This was a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby and in this tutorial,
basically, as it told you that we are going to be running our very first drone program.
So right on your screen, you can see the Adam Ed, and this is basically the welcome screen.
And here you can see the welcome guide as well.
You can see the settings in which you can see that we have installed Adam Runner and always make sure
that when you start coding, when you start on with your Adam a new day, you always have to see that
if it is not disabled.
So as you can see over here, that it is enabled and that's why it is an option that is saying to disable
it.
But we don't want to disable it because we have to use it.
So the first thing you need to do over here is to add a project directory and how this is going to be
done, just go to file.
Just go on to add project folder.
And you can choose any kind of follow, let's say I want to work on, let's say downloads or let's say
I just want to go on with the documents folder that seems to be good enough or let's just choose the
download folder and let's just select folder.
So that is going to create the downloads folder for us.
And this is basically going to be the folder which you are going to be using to create your Ruby programs.
Now, just right, click on this.
Create a new file.
And let's just say that I want to name a post-flight as first file and never forget to add the extension
that is AAB, which means I will be fired.
So this Arbie extension is going to tell this Adam compiler that basically we are trying to run a Ruby
file here and we want to create Ruby Pleyel so that we can run Ruby here.
Just click, enter.
And right on your screen, as you can see, an editorial here, which means that this is basically going
to be your first program area where you are going to go your first post, I'm going to just get rid
of all these windows.
And I only want this one year to be shown right away here.
So now what I want to do is that I want to go to just.
Dipen, Rubio Hill.
Click on this and let's just keep it running, let's just minimize this.
Now, this is not necessary, but on some systems it may create some issues.
So that's why I've just told you that you must keep this Ruby running.
Oakhill So let's see.
For the first, I want to print a simple statement that is Sprent, unless I want to type in Hello World.
So now to run the school where you have to do is that on some system, it will work.
When you press control are on some systems, it may work with Aldar.
On Mac, it may work with the window type of button that is on Mac and then R and on some systems as
a W, it's going to work with all that plus R, so on my system it works with all plus R, so I'm going
to just click on R plus R and you can see over here that the atom runner has just generated me with
the output of a hill and as you can see that the output is Hello Wood.
So that's how basically your code is going to be compiled.
What we did is that we just created a project folder which can be created from this file at the project
folder.
And when that folder is created, what you can do in that folder is that is where you are going to create
your Ruby files.
So I created the folder first file Dot Arbie as my first file and that I just typed in a simple code
that is the word.
And then depending upon your system, you can just press control are all our windows are.
And one of these options is going to surely work for my system.
It worked with all plus R, so when I clicked on plus R as my brother was running as a showed you at
the start of the Dorelle, that's why this Helliwell is going to be generated.
Right.
Or held.
So that's how basically your first file is going to run on Ruby.
So I guess that's it with Destroy Dorio.
If you have got any kind of errors running your first file, do let me know and I'd be more than happy
to help you out.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial in the next story, we are going to be covering some more interesting
stuff.
So thank you so much, guys, for watching and I'll see you guys in the next Dorio.